Full job description
LTIMindtree is a global technology consulting and digital solutions company that enables enterprises across industries to reimagine business models, accelerate innovation, and maximize growth by harnessing digital technologies. As a digital transformation partner to more than 750 clients, LTIMindtree brings extensive domain and technology expertise to help drive superior competitive differentiation, customer experiences, and business outcomes in a converging world. For more information, please visit www.ltimindtree.com

Job summary

Ongoing transformation services requires a Developer for Developing web applications in strategic Digital Transformation programs for customers. perform design tasks and develop components of application and technical architecture and thorough understanding of the software Development life cycle, ability to write well-structured, easy to maintain code.

About the role

Convert requirements into architectures and solution designs that make up the blueprint for a solution for projects that do not require involvement from a solution architect

Ensure alignment and provide traceability of lower level design to technical solution architecture

Apply expert knowledge of systems to inform Architecture and Solution Design

Lead the analysis of user stories and relevant documents to determine testing requirements and automation potential to deliver logical & efficient automation solutions

Write, Maintain and test code to meet System requirement, system design and specification to maintain quality standards

Skills and experience

Experience in Reactjs, Node js, Redux, ES6, Debugging skills, Java Script, Express JS, Jest

Experience in Core and Enterprise Java.

Experience with Spring and Spring Boot

Hands on experience in developing Rest APIs using Spring Boot

Strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming

Experience on API development.

Experience with SDLC tools (e.g. Bamboo, JIRA, GIT, Confluence, Bitbucket, Splunk)

Understanding of Swagger

Advanced analysis, problem solving and troubleshooting and consultative skills

Strong knowledge on Software development process life cycle especially Agile methodology.

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Being a Team player is a must as we work together and support each other to deliver amazing results.

A passionate programmer, ready to think and solve innovatively.

A curious mind to learn new things.

A can-do attitude.

LTIMindtree Minds Enjoy -

Family Friendly and Flexible working arrangements - work here there or anywhere >
Working on innovative project transformation works >
Personal development to enhance your career >
Rewarding curiosity and collaboration >
LTIMindtree minds are distinguished by their superior talent and mental agility marked by extreme ownership of transformative technologies in the digital age.

BIO - https://vimeo.com/770620919

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:

Referral program
Schedule:

8 hour shift
Experience:

Java: 5 years (Required)
Work Authorisation:

Australia (Required)